what's going on okay we don't do that
face anymore do we I've become over the
last 10 years very attached to two dogs
I've gone to stores before the past and
bought dogs and then you know when I
became a little bit more aware of like
how many dogs are abandoned or put to
sleep each week it's staggering they I
think the public was more aware of
fixing their animals out of not going to
the puppy store which I'm guilty of they
wouldn't be putting so many dogs to
death each week I made the mistake of
purchasing a dog because I had a friend
of mine that was gone through some
troubles he became it catches the dog in
like a day came around a day and a half
the dog got really sick I took we took
it to my vet dr. yow and he said the dog
had the parvo disease and that he said
you know wherever you got the dog from
all the other dogs you've got to check
them out huh well here we go huh you
used to bite me when used to do that I
went down there and saw firsthand these
dogs that were like psycho that this
lady had kept in her house and I went
there and got jaws I went in there
looked at him and I saw how up he
was and it took me about six months they
get him to come around I mean I couldn't
even touch them because of our
relationship over the last two years he
likes the fact that were really good
friends you know when you take care of
each other you know you learn from them
and push it we like to go to dinner
together right might like to go out with
them just take walks with them you've
enjoyed going out though you the most
important thing about having a dog and
loving a dog is keeping the dog its
whole natural life you know it's not
saying well four months later oh I met
some girl and she doesn't you know she's
allergic to it or she you know you know
man you can't do that you know you get
rid of the girl you know I mean you know
she's going to go anyway but people
always say to me while your dogs are so
cool with you yeah but I you know I love
them to death and I spend time with them
you have a responsibility to you know
communicate with your animal how much he
you know means to you and if you don't
have time to do that what you know with
the hell you doing with an animal